Instruction for creating course directory (#167)
codefellows/setup-guide: system-setup/9-eslint.md

You should see an output similar to this:
`/home/your_user_name/projects/courses`

Next, create a directory for your current course - if you are in 102, create a 102 directory. If you are in 201, create a 201 directory, etc.

```bash
mkdir 102    # if you are in Code 102
```

> This directory is the place to clone repositories for labs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This directory is where you clone repositories and do your work for labs in this course.
```
